There are two ways to clean and dress poultry the right way.
And yes,
you get the wrong way.
Let's not disturb this poor bird for the moment,
and we'll see how to do the job the right way.
First of all,
we need a knife,
shears secure and strength.
If you are right handed,
place the bird on its side with the breast facing you and feet to the right.
Take the knife and make an incision at the bank of the neck and continue the cut down the
length of the neck to the shoulder blades.
Turn the bird over and complete the incision,
the full circle of the neck.
Now pull the skin back over the bridge,
which were a veal,
a crop firmly attached to the skin.
Loosen the crop thoroughly and disconnect it and the wind pipe deep down in the neck
cavity with the night.
Cut the neck off about one inch from the base,
thus disposing of crop wind by the head.
In order to loosen the connective tissue,
a car is made on either side of the neck to the scalito structure.
The bird is then firmly held in the left hand and the second finger of the right hand is
used to loosen any remaining connective tissue holding the entrails in place.
This operation must be carried out thoroughly to ensure keen removal of entrails.
Having completed this day,
we now invert the bird and make the pill big incision.
This is where the most errors are made in poetry dressing.
Frequently a vertical cut is made from the breastbone to the vent.
This is wrong.
The correct method is to place the finger over the event and the knife on the tail.
The cut is then made between the vent and detail that is under the vent and over the tape.
This is most important.
Having reached this stage,
it is necessary to disconnect the power from the vent and draw it away from the caca.
This will prevent contamination of the cock.
We now complete the loosening of connective tissues by forcing the finger into the
abdominal cavity.
Make sure that you disconnect the fatty tissue on the wall of the abdomen.
The entrails are forced out by placing the sun behind the gizzard.
It will be found that the entrails will come away cleanly.
Having cleaned the bird.
The next job is to trust and tired down once again.
If you are right handed,
placed the bird on its side,
breast ward you and legs to the left.
The security is first incited into the wind.
Now it is important that it be placed in the correct position.
If we can examine the wing,
we find it resembles the human arm.
We have the shoulder,
elbow,
thumb and the hand.
Along the outer edge of the wing.
Between the shoulder and the elbow is a singer,
which we used to hold the secure in position.
The cure is placed under this venue,
but over the bone between the shoulder and the elbow.
The leg is then forced up high enough to allow the skewer to pass through the skin of a leg,
not the muscle and over the back of the bird to prevent the secure
breaking,
grasp it firmly in the hand,
rigid with sun,
and forced the outside or upside leg onto the school.
Now all that remains to be done is to pin the wing too obscure.
To improve its appearance.
The bird is spread on the skewer before the tying operation,
which comes next.
Placed the burden on the string parallel with the heart.
Bring both ends up between the legs and the body,
invert the bird and tie securely.
It is most important to bring the string up between the leg and the body.
To further improve the appearance,
the pelvic bone is spread to add to the plumpness of the carcass.
To enhance the appearance of the rear end,
the vent is fastened to the tail.
Final touch is added by dropping the breast.
Insert the shares on either side of the breast,
making the cut approximately one third of the way along the breast bone.
The neck incision is covered with the skin,
which is held in position by the window.
The result.
Ah,
highly attractive and appetizing cocker so different toe.